fix(menu): tooltip content doesn't follow render-label when collapsed (#308)
TuSimple/naive-ui: CHANGELOG.en-US.md

- Fix `n-date-picker` `n-provider` pass `date-locale` not work, closes [#250](https://github.com/TuSimple/naive-ui/issues/250).
- Fix `n-input` clear button placeholder prevent clicking on actual component [#288](https://github.com/TuSimple/naive-ui/issues/288)
- Fix `n-carousel` click the at current item button, the component behaves abnormally.

> - Fix `n-menu` collapsed,`render-label` not work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix `n-menu` `render-label` not working for tooltip in collapsed mode.
```
